index.md, before:

# [Experience](#experience) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; [Projects](#projects) 

# **Nathan Ueda**
## <center>> Hello, my name is Nathan.</center>
##### <center>CS @ UCSD</center>
## <center>> Thanks for visiting my website!</center>
<br/><br/>


## Experience
CSE Tutor for CSE 100 (Advanced Data Structures) @ UCSD
- [x] Provided additional instruction and debugging assistance to students.
- [x] Collaborated with course staff and other tutors to ensure high-level course quality. 

```
quoting code
```

![](/images/profile.png) 

## Projects
1. [Quantitative Momentum Strategy](https://github.com/nathanueda/Algorithmic-Trading-in-Python/blob/main/002_quantitative_momentum_strategy.ipynb) (Python)
* Through utilizing batch API calls and various Python libraries (such as NumPy and pandas) the program selects a list of the 50 highest quality momentum stocks based on various metrics such as varying time length price returns.
* The program calculates the number of shares to buy based on a user-defined portfolio amount. 
* Exports the results to a neatly formatted excel document.

2. [Ice Man](https://github.com/nathanueda/IceMan) (C++)                    
* Developed and designed a game with a graphical user interface.
* Implemented the programming via pair programming with an object-oriented approach. 
* Utilized inheritance, breadth first search algorithms, as well as modern C++ features such as smart pointers.
  
3. [Equal-Weight S&P 500 Index Fund](https://github.com/nathanueda/Algorithmic-Trading-in-Python/blob/main/001_equal_weight_S%26P_500.ipynb) (Python)                       
* Through utilizing batch API calls and various Python libraries (such as NumPy and pandas) the program calculates the number of shares to buy based on a user-defined portfolio value of each S&P 500 constituent to get an equal-weighted version of the index fund. 
* Exports the results to a neatly formatted excel document.

[Email](mailto:nateueda@gmail.com) | [GitHub](https://github.com/nathanueda) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathanueda/)

- [x] Picture 
- [x] Headings
- [x] Styling Text
- [x] Quoting Text
- [ ] Quoting Code
- [x] External Links
- [ ] Section Links
- [x] Relative Links
- [x] Ordered Lists
- [x] Unordered Lists
- [x] Task Lists

Commit message:

Added quoted code and an About Me section.

index.md, after:

## [About Me](#about-me) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; [Experience](#experience) &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; [Projects](#projects) 

# **Nathan Ueda**
## <center>> Hello, my name is Nathan.</center>
##### <center>CS @ UCSD</center>
## <center>> Thanks for visiting my website!</center>
<br/>

## About Me
My favorite programming language is C++ largely due to how fast it runs and how much control you have over your code. One of my favorite features in C++ is smart pointers (i.e. `queue<shared_ptr<Coordinate>> check;`) as they help make memory related issues easier to manage.

![](/images/profile.png) 


## Experience
CSE Tutor for CSE 100 (Advanced Data Structures) @ UCSD
- [x] Provided additional instruction and debugging assistance to students.
- [x] Collaborated with course staff and other tutors to ensure high-level course quality. 

## Projects
1. [Quantitative Momentum Strategy](https://github.com/nathanueda/Algorithmic-Trading-in-Python/blob/main/002_quantitative_momentum_strategy.ipynb) (Python)
* Through utilizing batch API calls and various Python libraries (such as NumPy and pandas) the program selects a list of the 50 highest quality momentum stocks based on various metrics such as varying time length price returns.
* The program calculates the number of shares to buy based on a user-defined portfolio amount. 
* Exports the results to a neatly formatted excel document.

2. [Ice Man](https://github.com/nathanueda/IceMan) (C++)                    
* Developed and designed a game with a graphical user interface.
* Implemented the programming via pair programming with an object-oriented approach. 
* Utilized inheritance, breadth first search algorithms, as well as modern C++ features such as smart pointers.
  
3. [Equal-Weight S&P 500 Index Fund](https://github.com/nathanueda/Algorithmic-Trading-in-Python/blob/main/001_equal_weight_S%26P_500.ipynb) (Python)                       
* Through utilizing batch API calls and various Python libraries (such as NumPy and pandas) the program calculates the number of shares to buy based on a user-defined portfolio value of each S&P 500 constituent to get an equal-weighted version of the index fund. 
* Exports the results to a neatly formatted excel document.

[Email](mailto:nateueda@gmail.com) | [GitHub](https://github.com/nathanueda) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathanueda/)

- [x] Picture 
- [x] Headings
- [x] Styling Text
- [x] Quoting Text
- [ ] Quoting Code
- [x] External Links
- [x] Section Links
- [x] Relative Links
- [x] Ordered Lists
- [x] Unordered Lists
- [x] Task Lists
